[Music] You
gave me a follow and I followed you You gave me a
like and you back off Take the next day you
put me in the clf That's what you
want ma I'm going to go straight
ahead ent The photo looks
good mami I'll give it to you now and then
the c that I'll take on foot eh Oh I want you to
be my wolf you have me on
the leather
floa If we don't go he'll get you wet I'm going to
eat you like a red light and go activate
who's going to pay for it and kill forget it you're
coming I'm going Come on follow me with that
ass you anime not anime Come on
activate who's going to pay for it today
forget it you're coming I'm going d follow me
This is what I was looking for the
message let's go let's go let's see see let's see see be
let's see
see baby you gon' do it like you
know even you would almost get with
me or you saw me I saw you and you and I we're
going to see each other we're going to get to know each other Let's
dance Let's drink  aar descoger you're
going to busar And then you're going to [ __ ] let's
end the evil Yeah because I'm a
problem And because you're Good but I
have my
Nano the one I don't let go But you're loose
Yeah but you're loose But you
're loose Ay you're a dick mami
but I CR la Loma you're going to dream
of me after I eat you I'll go down to
your neighborhood whoever eats you or in the lamba
in a muovi [ __ ] and I know that leip and
never leaves deora that's why no ass to me
now
you dude now I'm coming to you really crazy like
a gringa in La Perla Baby I've talked to you it's
a pleasure to meet you I'm with Babo with
Davy you with your gua and I don't know if it's the
weed But you have I'm tiny
like I was Don I licked it like
sealing the lead baby You get loose with
this here lemon is another really big baby
like a yucon close your eyes and think about
me I'm drinking and also that me
she I want a message that says come I spend
my time looking at that ass on the internet
baby that ass  of a big dick and I always
wanted to be a big dick vm no D it's not noticeable that
when I hit you let's go let's go let's go let's
go it
as if I
knew how to even
put you to they
told me that you Put your hand in
Who are the ones that command a new
generation You
know yours surely they are
asking you they do it
[Music]